                      Anthony Blaine

A New York writer considered a protege of Grant Cochran, you are handled by
Jonathan Drake, the same publisher who handles Cochran.  A year ago, after the
publication of Grant's humiliatingly bad novel Sightless King.
Grant, ever the belligerent bulldog, threatened to beat you senseless.  Nice guy.

You hate Grant, and wish him nothing but ill will.  His idiotic attempts to mainstream
have made you look foolish, and you hate the fact that your name is connected to his. 
You would not be here except for your continuing need to suck up to Jonathan Drake.

You are best known for his Fantasy-Horror novel Wunderking, and your most recent
work The Dinner Guest, which was clearly better than anything Grant ever wrote:

You know:

Oliver Stewart
Jeffrey Saxon
Jonathan Drake
Leda Deerden
Karyn Seidmann (distantly)
  


                      Karyn Seidmann

You are not really a literary agent.  Or rather you are one by accident.  After serving
your five years, with two suspended for mail fraud in the New York State Women's
Medium Security Prison at Utica, you were returned to the Big Apple.  Fraud was all
you had ever known, that and con games.  You started putting a con on aspiring
writers, bilking them for agents fees, and then not actually doing anything.  

The funniest thing is that you actually got someone published.  Because you were
pretending to be a Literary Agent, you met some writers who were friends of aspiring
writers.  This got you invited to some parties.  You found yourself talking to
Jonathan Drake, in the presence of Jeffrey Saxon, one of your "clients" an astrologer. 


You had to pretend to sell Saxon to Drake and you just sort of automatically brought
all your "con" skills into play.  Drake gave in, and read Saxon's work, and you
landed him a fairly successful career as a hack occult writer.  Completely by
accident.  

Your career is actually taking off, it is just that you have a hard time doing anything
honest.  Recently, Drake mentioned to you that he was looking for someone to
collaborate on a book with Grant Cochran, a hack horror writer who had been doing
badly.  You owed a favor to your ex-roommate, Leda Deerden, so you got her the
job.  You aren't aware that she has ever written two coherent words in her life, but
she thinks she can.  You showed Drake a writing sample copied from an obscure
1950's horror hack named Harold Poke.

Now you are here to arrange for Leda's first meeting with Grant Cochran. 
Thrillsville.  Well it's  semi-honest work.

Who You Know:

Oliver Stewart
Jeffrey Saxon
Jonathan Drake
Leda Deerden
Linda Kane
Emily Breezewood
Anthony Blaine (distantly)