                          Jeffrey Saxon

You have always been a rather social creature. 
You were always a little old for your age, and
just a trifle manic.  In fact, they said you were
a "hyperactive child."  This struck you as a
good thing, but occasionally it made you
miserable.

You found out early that weed would calm you
down.  Your older sister was in college in sixty
seven, and brought you some.  Pretty soon, you
were buying the stuff at high school.

You went through school as a hip, happy go
lucky kid, and floated out of college to marry a
pretty young girl with whom you were
desperately in love in summer of `72.  In
summer of `75, you had driven up to
Woodstock, and were coming back to the city. 
You were a little bit drunk, and you had done a
couple of doobies, but you were basically
alright.  Then you just sort of lost it.

The girl died.  You only wished you were dead. 
   

You realized that you had to get back into
things, or you were as good as dead.  You
needed to talk to your wife, and you found a
good medium.  There was a tearful night, when
you asked her forgiveness.  She forgave you,
told you there was a better place.  Told you to
go on living.  You have talked with her from
time to time since then, and she
is your Guardian Spirit.

You joined a procession of groups designed to
get you back into good shape: TM, Eckenkar,
others.  None of them quite fit.  You needed
money, and you went to work in a health food
store.  You had given up drugs and alcohol
completely, though you realize that it is a
personal
choice.  You try not to be evangelical about it,
except of course in your writing.

You picked up some astrology books from your
spiritualist, and convinced the guy who ran the
health food store to start stocking a rack of
"light" occult books.  Eventually, you got pretty
good at Astrology, and you began casting
horoscopes for people who came into the store. 
There were problems with this after a while, but
in 1979, your father died, and you inherited a
decent sum of money.  You bought your own
storefront, and opened a health-food store. 
Health food was just coming into its own, but
that wasn't what made your fortune.  You had
been writing a little book that explained the
connection between Astrology and
health food.  The connections were obvious for
you: certainly it didn't make sense for a Gemini
to eat apricots, and bean curd was no good for
a Taurus.  But other people did not necessarily
understand.  They came to you for advice, and
so you started putting together a little booklet.

That was Health Signs.  You didn't know what
to do with it, but in 1981 an artist friend, Leda
Deerden, who was a regular customer, suggested
that you get a literary agent.  She had a friend,
Karyn Seidmann, who was a young agent, and
was willing to work cheap.

You trusted your fortunes to Karyn, and were
immediately impressed.  She hauled you to a
party to introduce you to the publisher Jonathan
Drake.  Right there, in plain sight, she talked
Drake into looking at your manuscript.  Karyn
definitely has a way of getting people to do what
she wants.  You ended up paying more than you
had expected, but it didn't matter, because
Health Signs became extremely popular.

After that, you set to work in earnest.  You had
recognized the need for a good, simple, book on
astrology that anyone could understand.  You
wrote Astrology for You in 1983, and were
forced to give up your day job in order to
handle the speaking engagements.  You hired
someone to manage the store for you, and you
began your career as a professional writer.

Speaking engagements are not what they are
cracked up to be of course.  When people hear
about the "lecture circuit" they think about ex-
presidents making the rounds of Yale, Harvard,
Columbia.  Real writers
do signings at Crown Books, and lectures at the
SUNY Jamaica Student Union.  Occult book
stores in the Village.  Unitarian Churches.  Two
hundred a night.  Still it isn't bad money, and it
adds up.  The party invitations alone can keep
you in food.

That was how you really got active socially. 
You already knew Leda, who seems to know
everyone.  You made some friends, including
horror author Anthony Blaine, and comic book
author and illustrator Oliver Steward.  Stewart
was a particularly dark personality, the perfect
straight man for your sparklingly manic self. 
The two of you shared and apartment, and other
interests.  "Ollie" Stewart was already a fairly
noted figure, and the two of you together
became a little notorious as benign
troublemakers.

You got invited to parties and clubs, and
accumulated an odd coterie of acquaintances, in
which Ollie was the stable central pivot. 
Despite the fact that you are a health nut, and
that Ollie exaggerated his addictions for stylistic
value, the fact is that he is one of the more
stable members of your little social group.   

You are not really very familiar with your host,
Grant Cochran, at all.  Some time ago, Ollie got
the contract to illustrate Sightless King, a
graphic novel adaptation of one of Cochran's
horror novels.  He read through the book, and
passed it off to you.

You read Sightless King that night.  It was full
of wonderful symbols and imagery, thrown
together in an appallingly bad way.  You sorted
it out, but parts of it really appalled you.  The
man's sources don't know anything about the
occult.  Ollie met with Cochran, and found him
pompous and brusque, which are fairly
redeeming characteristics in New York, or at
least common characteristics.

During the time he was in New York, Ollie got
to know Grant fairly well, and you spent some
time with him.  Anthony Blaine, who had
known Grant for years, had nothing but bad
things to say about him, but the fact is for all of
your manic energy, you are an affable fellow
and like most everyone.  You even like Leda
Deerden, and you admire and respect her art. 

You know some of the other people here better. 
Some time ago Emily Breezewood divorced her
husband and came up to live with Karyn and
Leda.  You had not met her, but you had heard
of her from Linda Kane, a friend of yours who
visits periodically.  Linda is the head of the
Psychic Research Center in Washington, and has
lectured in New York several times.  You have
helped her make arrangements, and put her up. 

Through Ollie (of course), you found out some
very interesting gossip about Grant Cochran and
his circle of friends.  Notably, you heard
Emily's ex-husband apparently actually wrote
most of the good stuff in Grant's novels.  You
would be interested in meeting the redoubtable
Matthew Allen Carter, and finding out if he is as
clueless about the occult as he would seem from
Grant's novels.

Karyn asked you and Ollie to come along and
ride herd on Leda, though you suspect that
actually means creating enough of a diversion
that Grant and Drake capitulate to whatever
terms she makes just to get some peace.  She is
really a wonderful touch at getting good terms
and deals, and getting people to part with things
they had rather not.

Karyn asked you and Ollie to pick Leda up in a
rental car and bring her down with you since
you actually know how to drive.  An odd thing
in New York, but you have places to go and
people to see.  Drake and Karyn were driving
down separately, but you have little faith they
will actually make it, considering how difficult
it was for you to get here, and how little
experience either of them have reading maps. 
Leda is apparently trying to close some sort of
literary deal with Grant Cochran, which is fine
with you.  In the meantime, you are looking for
new material, both for your work, and for
conversation.

THE OTHERS

What they know about you:

Jeffrey Saxon: A noted Parapsychology/Occult
writer and Astrologer, author of Health Signs,
Astrology for You, and Psychic Defense, and
several other successful books published in
paperback.  Jeffrey is rumored to be practically
the only person in New York who does not
suffer from an incapacitating drug addiction.  

PEOPLE YOU KNOW WELL:

Anthony Blaine:  A New York writer
considered a protege of Grant Cochran, Blaine
is handled by Jonathan Drake, the same
publisher as Cochran.  It was rumored that
Blaine and Cochran had a very serious argument
while appearing together at a promotional
convention after the publication of Sightless
King.  Blaine is best known for his Fantasy-
Horror novel Wunderking, and his most recent
work The Dinner Guest.  
Emily Breezewood: a good kid, a little
confused.  She roomed with Karyn, who
probably wants something from her.

A college friend of Grant Cochran, and a prep-
school friend of Margot Matthews, Emily is the
daughter of Senator Breezewood of Connecticut,
a very powerful senior U.S. Legislator.  Emily
was married to Matthew Allen Carter, and
divorced him, in a particularly messy case
during which Mr. Carter was represented by
Gary Morant.  They are reported to be on barely
civil speaking terms now.  Emily is living with
Mike Ballistis.

Grant Cochran:  Grant Cochran is a horror
writer whose early work brought him wealth and
recognition.  His first acclaimed work was a
collection of short stories in 1977 entitled Look
Ma, No Hands!  Grant achieved a more limited
success with The Sickness in John Harrol, 1977;
The Collection, 1979; but his mainstream horror
novels  Dark Symbols,1980; and Trinity, 1982;
were extremely successful.  His Lovecraftian
fantasy-horror The Sightless King, 1984 was
universally panned.  Grant also wrote the
screenplay for the 1981 film The Blinding.
Numerous short stories including The Metallic
Taste of Blood Omni, Feb 1982.

Grant's work has tended more towards the
occult and fantasy side than Stephen King, and
his success has been less marked, but his early
novels were commercially successful.  Born
1955 to a wealthy Virginia family, Grant
graduated from George Washington University
in DC in 1975, aged twenty.  Writer and
playboy, known to have inherited some money
from parent's death in 1974. He is widely
rumored to have been hospitalized recently for
rehabilitation.

Leda Deerden: is a quality person which is
what matters.  She believes in art, and culture,
and stupid causes, which is an important thing
in this day and age.  You like Leda, despite her
dizziness, and she is a very talented artist.

A New York author, or visual artist, guest of
Grant's Publisher.  Ms. Deerden is known for
her terra cotta figures, which are widely sold in
gift shops in the Village, and her work at the
42nd Street Gallery, but is a newcomer to the
writing field.  Her first project is projected to be
a collaboration with Grant Cochran.

Jonathan Drake:  Johnny (he hates to be
called that), is down here to close a deal with
Leda and Grant.  From what you've heard, he
wants Leda to rewrite Grant's prose.  You
aren't sure if she is capable, but after reading
Sightless King, you are convinced she couldn't
do it any harm.

Publisher of Grant Cochran, Drake is Editor of
Horror at Electra publishing, a division of
Robert W. Thormond and Sons, Inc., one of the
nations largest publishing houses.  Despite the
failure of Cochran's latest novel, Drake is
reported to be successful and on the rise.  He
handles many other writers including Anthony
Blaine, and is also in charge of titles under the
smaller, but profitable Medea imprintaur, for
occult paperbacks, which includes the works of
Jeffrey Saxon.

Linda Kane: a very nice girl who has visited in
New York several times.  You wish her very
well, and are profoundly interested in knowing
how she became involved with this den of
wolves.

Parapsychological researcher for the Institute for
Parapsychological Studies, 1567 23rd St. NW. 
Graduate of Columbia Prep, and Mary
Washington College.  M.A. Barnard.  Kane is a
literary agent for Matthew Allen Carter and is
rumored to be his lover.  

Karyn Seidmann:  Your agent, and a damn
good one.  Karyn can get anything out of
anyone, and is a little compulsive about it.  You
try to get her to relax.

A New-York literary agent, Seidmann is not
well known in literary circles, though there are
some dark rumors about her past, including a
lawsuit.  Seidmann handles small time occult
authors, and until recently her biggest literary
success was Jeffrey Saxon, the popular occultist
and astrologer.

Oliver Stewart:  

Oliver is...well...Oliver.  He can be a damned
nuisance, and a profound distraction and a
social pestilence of unprecedented proportion. 
But somehow, ya gotta love the man.  Besides,
he's a necessity, because you disdain gossip,
and if you didn't hand around with Oliver, you
would never get to hear any.

A comic-book author and illustrator for
Universal Comics, a major competitor of Marvel
and D.C. 

Oliver is responsible for the satirical Captain
Flapjack miniseries, but is best known for his
work with Blood Hound, a revitalized 1960's
Superhero, and with Revenant, a dark-horror
miniseries.  Stewart handled a graphic-novel
adaptation of Grant Cochran's Sightless King,
which was somewhat more successful than the
actual novel.  Oliver is a New Yorker, but has
maintained a friendship with horror writer Grant
Cochran, and has come down with some of his
other New York acquaintances to make his
birthday an interesting affair.
OTHER PEOPLE:

Mike Ballistas:  a wealthy international
consultant with impressive offices downtown. 
Ballistas has numerous prominent government
contacts, and is generally known to be an
influential businessman.  He donated heavily to
the Reagan Campaign.

Avery Carson: attended George Washington
University and has many acquaintances from that
period, and immediately afterward.  Avery met
most of Grant's circle of friends in the seventies
while they were working in Washington after
graduation.  Mr. Carson occupied a position in
the staff of the late Darrington Ripley, U.S.
Ambassador to Sweden.  Currently employed by
the State Department, Avery Carson is rumored
to actually work for the Company, or No-such-
agency.

Matthew Allen Carter:  A well known mystic,
Carter is associated with decadence, drugs, and
bizarre mysticism.  It is unclear where his
money comes from, though he is known to be at
least moderately wealthy, and eccentric.  

M.A Carter provides spiritual consultation to
some of Washington's most prominent social
figures.  He has appeared on several area talk
shows, notably Panorama in July 1979 where he
was involved in an altercation, and declined to
appear on Good Morning America in August of
1982 on the topic "Senators who follow the
Horoscopes."  He has assisted Federal
authorities as a consultant on "Cult Related
Cases", and appeared before a Senate
Subcommittee Special Hearing in 1983 to
discuss "Cult Phenomena and Crime."

Thomas Cochran:  Grant's failure of a brother. 
Thomas dropped out of school, and was deeply
involved in drugs.  He narrowly avoided jail on
larceny charges.  He lost his share of the family
wealth, and is currently employed by his brother
as a handyman. 

Sarah Lamont: Sarah Lamont is an old Prep-
school and College friend of Margot Matthews,
Linda Kane, Emily Breezewood and others. 
Sarah went to work for Gary Morant as a
paralegal, and is now his chief secretary.  

Margot Matthews: Margot was a friend of
Grant Cochran, and several other attendees in
college, but went on to become a prominent
Washington socialite who rose out of the ranks
of minor political followers due to her
connections with the late U.S. ambassador to
Sweden Mr. Darrington Ripley.  Margot is
giving this party in honor of Grant Cochran's
birthday.

Margot is currently employed by the Department
of State, where she is rumored to the mistress of
a powerful political appointee.  She was
mentioned in People magazine shortly after the
inaugural ball, and her fortunes have definitely
been on the rise with the Reagan government. 

Gary Morant:  Washington Attorney. 
Graduated from George Washington University
in 1974, GW Law in 1978.  Formed Morant and
Steele with Harlan Steel in 1980.  Known for
handling some of the messiest and most
prominent divorce and lawsuit cases in the
Washington social spectrum.  Morant is a rising
star in the social constellation of Washington,
and is Grant Cochran's attorney, and is currently
representing him in all of his sordid legal
affairs. 

Mort Nicholson: a well known private
detective.  Nicholson has worked for Gary
Morant, and was a research reference for the
character of Detective George Panopalous in
Grant Cochran's Trinity.

Roger Pierce: a Professor/practitioner of
Psychology at George Washington University. 
Young but promising, for several years his 400
level course on Personality Disorders has been
considered the "most fun" class in the entire
psych department.  Many of Dr. Pierce's
associates consider him to be "that strung out
quack", Dr. Pierce considers himself a
"perceptually enhanced alternative practitioner." 
It is obvious that Dr. Pierce either has
something on the University, or has tenure.

"Psychological disorders can be not only
instructive, but entertaining as well..."
(American Psychiatric Yearbook, 1980).  

Tony Randall-Smith:  Olympic Equestrian
Medalist, winning two Silver and one Bronze
medal at Los Angeles in 1984.  Native of
McLean Virginia, the child of a former
ambassador to England.  Personally acquainted
with Princess Margaret, has appeared in Sports
Illustrated, and network television.  Currently
holds American and European Championships in
several categories of jumps.  Professional status
has been called into question, but intends to
compete in 1988.  

Craig Webber: An acquaintance of Margot
Matthews, Mr. Webber is a well-to-do local
business consultant, rumored to have
connections to smuggling and the underworld. 
Webber is said to be a business partner of Avery
Carson.
