                       Lt. Craig S. Webber
                     Department of the Navy
            Division of Counterintelligence (USN-DCI)

The S stands for "Spook".

You are by profession a spy, in the grand
tradition.  Actually you think of yourself more
as a detective.  You planned to spend your life
in law enforcement, but found that the peacetime
military pays better and you only get shot at
about half as much.

You have established an unofficial record as a
"damn good operative."  You have been trying
to infiltrate "Washington Society" such as it is. 
You have been looking for evidence of arms
merchanting.

Your superiors are only passing interested in
drugs and sex.  There is a rising interest in
drugs in the administration, but there is some
suspicion it is meant to distract from
investigation elsewhere.  The people who control
your branch of Naval Intelligence probably
answer much higher up, or are trying to cut
some ice with their favorite Senator.  Or maybe
they actually care how U.S. enemies keep
ending up armed with U.S. weapons, though
that is less likely.  

DCI had evidence for months that the U.S.
Embassy in Sweden was being used as an origin
point for phoney Weapons export documents that
were allowing U.S. Companies to appear to sell
weapons to Belgium and Scandinavia, when they
were actually being shipped to countries like
Iraq, which the U.S. has no diplomatic ties to. 

The U.S. ambassador to Sweden, Mr.
Darrington Ripley was finally approached in the
probe when it became clear he wasn't involved
in it.  There are other high level government
connections.  Officially, the domestic end of this
case is out of DCI jurisdiction and ought to be a
customs investigation, but there are also
indications of massive governmental
malfeasance, and all sorts of other messy ties. 
Probably much of what you uncover will get
turned over to the Federal Marshall's Service, or
Treasury, to prosecute.  

You were first assigned to the infiltration project
when Ripley was blown up near Mons Belgium
while on vacation.  Car bomb.  The Basque
nationalists claimed responsibility.  You have
two suspects under surveillance:  Margot
Matthews, Ripley's long time mistress, and
Avery Carson, a minor official on his diplomatic
staff.  

You've been floating through these circles for a
while now, identifying yourself as a minor
weapons dealer.  This made you contact with
Mr. Carson.  You could arrest him on drug
charges, but you'd much rather have the big
case.  Discretely following Carson and Matthews
from the time they returned to the U.S., you
made your first big breakthrough when you
made..."social contact" with Emily Breezewood,
the daughter of Senator Breezewood of
Connecticut.  She was looking for a "strong and
silent type" after her last relationship with some
sort of religious lunatic who beat her up.  She
lives with a consultant named Mike Ballistas, so
you aren't too worried about her finding out
about your business.  You like her of course,
but it would be dangerous for her to know what
you did for a living.  

You have been honest with her, and when she
asked you where you worked you said you could
not say.  This both strengthened the impression
that you are an arms dealer, and left you feeling
you had been decent. 

Your first big lead may have finally emerged. 
A few months ago, your people were filtering
transport permits from the Bureau of Alcohol,
Tobacco, and Firearms.  (Legally, you were
only supposed to look at permits from out of the
country, but they are very understanding about
"need to know.")  Your Investigative Unit
stumbled on a set of forged papers from a phony
buyer.  A huge shipment of semi-automatic
rifles (the sort that can easily be modified to full
automatic) from Interarms in Alexandria, bound
for a non-existent sporting goods chain in Texas.

The shipment was seized by AT&F, but
Interarms quietly agreed to keep the seizure a
secret.  Instead, a replacement with inoperative
firearms was arranged.  Mostly old military
surplus, broken, obsolete etc.  When the
shipment was taken to Texas, your people kept
watch.  When someone showed up to inspect it,
they took pictures.

And this is where your investigation began to
pay off.  Because you recognized the girl who
did the inspection from your travels in Emily
Breezewood's social circles.  Antonia "Toni"
Randall-Smith.  A former Olympic athlete.  You
had a quick check run on her and found that she
is in precarious financial shape, which clenches
it.

You are getting close to "Mr. Big," the billion
dollar businessman who is at the center of a
significant portion of domestic and international
arms smuggling.  You need to find the man (or
woman) who controls it all.  

You know Carson is a drug dealer, and you are
sure he is an arms dealer.  You decided to try a
feint, and had some papers shipped to your
office.  They are the certificates for the weapons
that were seized from Interarms.  You told
Avery Carson you had a possible deal for him. 
With the certificates to lend legitimacy, you will
propose paying him 1.4 million to ship the
weapons to Nicaragua.  When and if he bites, he
should lead you to Mr. Big.
THE OTHERS

What they know about you:

Craig Webber: An acquaintance of Margot
Matthews, Mr. Webber is a well-to-do local
business consultant, rumored to have
connections to smuggling and the underworld. 
Webber is said to be a business partner of Avery
Carson.

PEOPLE YOU KNOW WELL:

Emily Breezewood: you are currently having
an affair with Emily, and you will try to protect
her to the best of your ability.

A college friend of Grant Cochran, and a prep-
school friend of Margot Matthews, Emily is the
daughter of Senator Breezewood of Connecticut,
a very powerful senior U.S. Legislator.  Emily
was married to Matthew Allen Carter, and
divorced him, in a particularly messy case
during which Mr. Carter was represented by
Gary Morant.  They are reported to be on barely
civil speaking terms now.  Emily is living with
Mike Ballistis.

Avery Carson: is a drug runner, and may be
involved with international weapons smuggling,
but with his position and income it is unlikely
he is at the center of the operation.

Attended George Washington University and has
many acquaintances from that period, and
immediately afterward.  Avery met most of
Grant's circle of friends in the seventies while
they were working in Washington after
graduation.  Mr. Carson occupied a position in
the staff of the late Darrington Ripley, U.S.
Ambassador to Sweden.  Currently employed by
the State Department, Avery Carson is rumored
to actually work for the Company, or No-such-
agency.

Margot Matthews: like Carter is a drug
runner, and may be involved with international
weapons smuggling, but with her position and
income it is very unlikely she is at the center of
the operation.

Margot was a friend of Grant Cochran, and
several other attendees in college, but went on to
become a prominent Washington socialite who
rose out of the ranks of minor political followers
due to her connections with the late U.S.
ambassador to Sweden Mr. Darrington Ripley. 
Margot is giving this party in honor of Grant
Cochran's birthday.

Margot is currently employed by the Department
of State, where she is rumored to the mistress of
a powerful political appointee.  She was
mentioned in People magazine shortly after the
inaugural ball, and her fortunes have definitely
been on the rise with the Reagan government. 

Roger Pierce: one of two catches.  When you
first took up with Emily, you had Intelligence
run everyone she knew through all the
available channels.  Pierce had his license to
practice medicine revoked in the late seventies,
but somehow it seems never to have gotten into
the personnel file at his University, where he is
listed as having a PhD in Psychology (he does),
but the records of his Psychiatric license seem
to be missing.  Your people put some pressure
on him to encourage his "cooperation" and the
good doctor should do whatever you want.  He
is known to be involved in drug running,
another source of pressure.  He does not know
who you are, but your contact phrase is
"Killjoy"

A Professor/practitioner of Psychology at
George Washington University.  Young but
promising, for several years his 400 level course
on Personality Disorders has been considered the
"most fun" class in the entire psych department. 
Many of Dr. Pierce's associates consider him to
be "that strung out quack", Dr. Pierce considers
himself a "perceptually enhanced alternative
practitioner."  It is obvious that Dr. Pierce either
has something on the University, or has tenure.

"Psychological disorders can be not only
instructive, but entertaining as well..."
(American Psychiatric Yearbook, 1980).  

Tony Randall-Smith:  Your best lead right
now.  You were able to identify Tony from a
photo.  She had a drug conviction in the
seventies that was "erased" after some direct
pressure was applied by Senator Breezewood of
Connecticut to the Federal Court.

Olympic Equestrian Medalist, winning two
Silver and one Bronze medal at Los Angeles in
1984.  Native of McLean Virginia, the child of
a former ambassador to England.  Personally
acquainted with Princess Margaret, has appeared
in Sports Illustrated, and network television. 
Currently holds American and European
Championships in several categories of jumps. 
Professional status has been called into question,
but intends to compete in 1988.  

Grant Cochran:  another unwilling ally. 
Cochran is heavily in debt, and has borrowed a
fortune.  He has cheated on his income taxes
for the past eight years running.  The threat of
a phone call to the IRS very quickly brought
Mr. Cochran into your camp.  He has promised
to facilitate your investigation.

Grant Cochran is a horror writer whose early
work brought him wealth and recognition.  His
first acclaimed work was a collection of short
stories in 1977 entitled Look Ma, No Hands! 
Grant achieved a more limited success with The
Sickness in John Harrol, 1977; The Collection,
1979; but his mainstream horror novels  Dark
Symbols,1980; and Trinity, 1982; were
extremely successful.  His Lovecraftian fantasy-
horror The Sightless King, 1984 was universally
panned.  Grant also wrote the screenplay for the
1981 film The Blinding. Numerous short stories
including The Metallic Taste of Blood Omni,
Feb 1982.

Grant's work has tended more towards the
occult and fantasy side than Stephen King, and
his success has been less marked, but his early
novels were commercially successful.  Born
1955 to a wealthy Virginia family, Grant
graduated from George Washington University
in DC in 1975, aged twenty.  Writer and
playboy, known to have inherited some money
from parent's death in 1974. He is widely
rumored to have been hospitalized recently for
rehabilitation.

OTHER PEOPLE:

Mike Ballistas:  a wealthy international
consultant with impressive offices downtown. 
Ballistas has numerous prominent government
contacts, and is generally known to be an
influential businessman.  He donated heavily to
the Reagan Campaign.

Anthony Blaine:  A New York writer
considered a protege of Grant Cochran, Blaine
is handled by Jonathan Drake, the same
publisher as Cochran.  It was rumored that
Blaine and Cochran had a very serious argument
while appearing together at a promotional
convention after the publication of Sightless
King.  Blaine is best known for his Fantasy-
Horror novel Wunderking, and his most recent
work The Dinner Guest.  

Matthew Allen Carter:  A well known mystic,
Carter is associated with decadence, drugs, and
bizarre mysticism.  It is unclear where his
money comes from, though he is known to be at
least moderately wealthy, and eccentric.  
M.A Carter provides spiritual consultation to
some of Washington's most prominent social
figures.  He has appeared on several area talk
shows, notably Panorama in July 1979 where he
was involved in an altercation, and declined to
appear on Good Morning America in August of
1982 on the topic "Senators who follow the
Horoscopes."  He has assisted Federal
authorities as a consultant on "Cult Related
Cases", and appeared before a Senate
Subcommittee Special Hearing in 1983 to
discuss "Cult Phenomena and Crime."

Thomas Cochran:  Grant's failure of a brother. 
Thomas dropped out of school, and was deeply
involved in drugs.  He narrowly avoided jail on
larceny charges.  He lost his share of the family
wealth, and is currently employed by his brother
as a handyman. 

Leda Deerden: A New York author, or visual
artist, guest of Grant's Publisher.  Ms. Deerden
is known for her terra cotta figures, which are
widely sold in gift shops in the Village, and her
work at the 42nd Street Gallery, but is a
newcomer to the writing field.  Her first project
is projected to be a collaboration with Grant
Cochran.

Jonathan Drake: Publisher of Grant Cochran,
Drake is Editor of Horror at Electra publishing,
a division of Robert W. Thormond and Sons,
Inc., one of the nations largest publishing
houses.  Despite the failure of Cochran's latest
novel, Drake is reported to be successful and on
the rise.  He handles many other writers
including Anthony Blaine, and is also in charge
of titles under the smaller, but profitable Medea
imprintaur, for occult paperbacks, which
includes the works of Jeffrey Saxon.

Linda Kane:  Parapsychological researcher for
the Institute for Parapsychological Studies, 1567
23rd St. NW.  Graduate of Columbia Prep, and
Mary Washington College.  M.A. Barnard. 
Kane is a literary agent for Matthew Allen
Carter and is rumored to be his lover.  

Sarah Lamont: Sarah Lamont is an old Prep-
school and College friend of Margot Matthews,
Linda Kane, Emily Breezewood and others. 
Sarah went to work for Gary Morant as a
paralegal, and is now his chief secretary.  

Gary Morant:  Washington Attorney. 
Graduated from George Washington University
in 1974, GW Law in 1978.  Formed Morant and
Steele with Harlan Steel in 1980.  Known for
handling some of the messiest and most
prominent divorce and lawsuit cases in the
Washington social spectrum.  Morant is a rising
star in the social constellation of Washington,
and is Grant Cochran's attorney, and is currently
representing him in all of his sordid legal
affairs. 

Mort Nicholson: a well known private
detective.  Nicholson has worked for Gary
Morant, and was a research reference for the
character of Detective George Panopalous in
Grant Cochran's Trinity.

Jeffrey Saxon: A noted Parapsychology/Occult
writer and Astrologer, author of Health Signs,
Astrology for You, and Psychic Defense, and
several other successful books published in
paperback.  Jeffrey is rumored to be practically
the only person in New York who does not
suffer from an incapacitating drug addiction.

Karyn Seidmann:  A New-York literary agent,
Seidmann is not well known in literary circles,
though there are some dark rumors about her
past, including a lawsuit.  Seidmann handles
small time occult authors, and until recently her
biggest literary success was Jeffrey Saxon, the
popular occultist and astrologer.

Oliver Stewart:  A comic-book author and
illustrator for Universal Comics, a major
competitor of Marvel and D.C. 
Oliver responsible for the satirical Captain
Flapjack miniseries, but is best known for his
work with Blood Hound, a revitalized 1960's
Superhero, and with Revenant, a dark-horror
miniseries.  Stewart handled a graphic-novel
adaptation of Grant Cochran's Sightless King,
which was somewhat more successful than the
actual novel.  Oliver is a New Yorker, but has
maintained a friendship with horror writer Grant
Cochran, and has come down with some of his
other New York acquaintances to make his
birthday an interesting affair.
