                        Emily Breezewood

You are Emily Breezewood, the daughter of
Senator Robert Breezewood, from Basque
Woods Connecticut, a place you remember as
being dreadfully boring.  About the only thing
around that was interesting was Linda Kane, and
parties.   

The two of you were into many of the same
things:  TM, Ouija boards, men, sex.  This was
the early seventies which was kind of like the
sixties only in the sixties you were too young to
do any of this shit.  Right...where were you...

You took the first chance to get out of the
Woods, and went to Columbia Prep, near DC. 
That meant you could reach daddy's wallet a
little easier.  At Columbia, you and Linda met
Margot Matthews, and Margot introduced you to
fashionable society, and the world.  Sure she
was probably only attracted to you because you
were the daughter of somebody important, but it
worked well.  You got invitations, and Margot
taught you how to behave.  

You eventually ended up in college at Mary
Washington University, but you worked
summers at a PAC where daddy got you a job,
and you partied and occasionally attended night
classes at George Washington University.  It
was there that Margot met Grant Cochran,
which lead to you meeting Grant's weird friend
Matthew Allen Carter.  He was a pretty strange
fish even by your standards; a bit of a mystic, a
bit of a schizophrenic.  When he wasn't wired
on something, he cut a pretty decent figure in
society.  Margot started going out with Grant,
and you began dating Matthew.  

In Columbia, you had learned to stoke up on the
friendly white powder that made the Kennedy
kids happy, mostly from your girlfriend Margot. 
You never got in trouble for it, though your
friend Toni did, and it took a direct appeal to
your father to get her off.  Toni dropped out of
school (well, was kind of...expelled) but she
became a famous Olympic athlete so that's okay.

Margot broke up with Grant, who wasn't rich or
famous enough for her anymore, and went to
Sweden with an American diplomat.  You
married Matthew because he had money, drugs,
and you were the only person who could put up
with him freaking out in the living room at three
in the morning.  You were and are a person of
great kindness and abiding patience, which is
why you can stand to have friends like Margot,
and how you managed to cope for so long with
Matthew.  You thought you could save him.  He
seemed so passionate, so artistic...he was cruel
to you though.  He accused you of being sent by
the Greater Demons to disrupt his delivery of
the message of the Secret Masters, and put
curses on you, which seemed to work, since you
felt like death warmed over, and had lousy luck. 


Matthew abused you too.  He beat you a couple
of times to try and drive some evil spirit out of
you.  You were getting tired of candles and
tables and stuff too.  He really lived that shit. 
You had a life of your own.  There were
important people who trusted you, who thought
you were important.  You didn't completely
blame Matthew, since he was generally only a
real bastard when he was stoked up.

He introduced you to a friend of his, named
Mike Ballistas, who you remembered distantly
as having gone to school with Matthew. 
Ballistas immediately put the moves on you, and
you sought some comfort.  Ballistas was
everything that Matthew wasn't.  He was calm,
cool, reserved and worldly.  Matthew had you
followed, and filed for divorce.  Despite the fact
that he had broken your arm once, his
chickenshit lawyer, Gary Morant talked your
father into paying hush money because somehow
Matthew found out about your affair with
Ballistas.  You've always suspected that
Matthew and Gary Morant set something up, but
you can't be sure.

That has been over for a while now, and you are
getting a little more together.  When you were
married to Matthew, one of your only friends
other than Linda was Karyn Seidmann, who was
Matthew's agent.  Matthew tried to spend as
much time with her as possible, because he
wanted to get published on his own.  She
obviously was interested in Matthew for business
reasons, but was personally frightened of him,
and the two of you got along very well.  

You are secretly sure that Linda always wanted
to take Matthew away from you, and she kind of
took Matthew's side in the break up.  She can
have the bastard, but relations with Linda have
been a slight bit chilly since then.  You went to
New York to stay with Karyn while you
recovered yourself, and met a fair number of her
artist friends.  You moved back to D.C. and got
an apartment with Margot Matthews when she
returned from Sweden this year, but you also
started seeing Mike Ballistis again.

You ended up living with Mike Ballistis, though
you are seeing someone else on the side.  More
about that later.  You have tried not to do many
drugs...you realized they were fucking up your
life, and you really do wish that Margot would
get into some counselling.  Mike is stable, with
a real job as a respectable consultant.  He takes
good care of you, and you would really hate to
lose him.

Of course you are a little worried about your
current work for Avery Carson.  You got
involved in Avery's little net when you were
living with Margot.  You desperately needed
money, though Matthew was being decent to
you again, and had even given you a little bit of
money.  Margot told you that Avery might be
able to get you a "job."  You could have gotten
a job from "daddy dearest" but you had a feeling
that you would be working "under" some
Senator or Congressman in a very real sense if
you went to work on the hill, and that appealed
to you less than starvation.  Since you went to
New York, you had been trying to get a career
started in fine arts, and you had Leda Deerden
teach you how to make small misshapen ceramic
figurines of animals, and paint them in bright
colors.  The market, however, was not
booming.

So you went to work for Avery, because he
didn't expect you to sleep with him.  First he
started having you deliver "gifts" for him.  He
said he was a lobbyist, and you understood that
this amounted to bribes, but this didn't cause
you any real problems.  You grew up in a
political family, and graft was a way of life. 
Most of the "gifts" were to arab businessmen
which also made sense.  It was easy for you to
slip them a small envelope at a party, and you
enjoyed getting to go to parties again. 
Especially with Margot, who is always a lot of
fun.

Lately it has been pretty obvious that you were
delivering drugs to Avery's high priced
clientele.  Mike gives you plenty of money and
you could stop, but you are kind of afraid to. 
You have been thinking of telling Avery you are
going to quit, or telling Mike about it, but you
don't want to get Avery arrested, you just don't
want to work for him anymore.

Then there is the possibility that he really isn't
running drugs.  There are rumors that he is
connected to the Company, or the NSA (known
colloquially as "No-Such-Agency").  What if
you have been acting as a courier and already
know too much.  Worse, what if Avery is really
working for the other side, and you are a courier
for them?  Lately there has been talk of the
death penalty for spies.  You aren't sure you
could prove that you didn't know what was
going on.  You have almost been tempted to talk
to Gary Morant.  Sure he's a greasy snake in the
grass, but he just does what he's paid to, and
you may need a greasy snake in the grass to get
out of this.

It was through Avery Carson that you met Craig
Webber, though they claimed not to be very
well acquainted which made you feel better
about Craig.  You have been increasingly
worried, because there is definitely something
not quite right about him.  He makes phone calls
when he thinks you aren't awake, or don't see
him, and he sometimes misses meeting you.  He
has said that he can't say who his employer is,
which is not unusual around Washington, but
you are beginning to think he is just lying.  He
wouldn't have to hide another affair from you,
so you assume he must either be a spook, or a
drug runner like Avery.  Why do all of your
men turn out to be spooks, criminals, or insane?

A few weeks ago, Margot asked you and Mike
to come down to a party which she was
throwing for Grant Cochran.  You had heard
that Grant had a breakdown, or was in rehab or
something, so this was sort of a "coming back
out" party, and he was inviting a lot of old
college friends.  

You agreed to go, but now you are worried. 
Margot also invited Craig, your other lover. 
She likes to create embarrassing little situations
like that.  This normally wouldn't bother you
except for the fact that you are afraid that Mike
knows you have another lover.  You over heard
him on the phone the other night, when he got
an emergency phone call.  You heard him say
"Yes, Emily and I are coming" and then
"Shit...if it's Grant, I'll kill the bastard."  He
sounded  dead serious, and you are worried that
he already knows you have a lover, and is just
trying to figure out who it is.

Your personal life is a confusing web of
arrangements, but since you got your drug habit
under control, you actually feel like living.  All
in all, life is more fun than when your major
entertainment was watching Matthew make
pronouncements from Nostradamus and vomit.

You aren't out to do anything in particular,
other than if possible attract attention to yourself
as a serious artist, but you want to catch up on
all the gossip from your New York friends, and
make sure they have a good time.

      Special Information

School: You attended Columbia Prep from
1970-73.  You know Margot Matthews, Linda
Kane, Sarah Lamont, and Toni Randall-Smith
from there.  

Afterwards you went to Mary Washington with
Linda, and Sarah.  During the summers of `74
and `75 you and Linda took night classes at
GW.  From there you know Gary Morant, Grant
Cochran, Avery Carson, Mike Ballistis, and
Matthew Allen Carter.
THE OTHERS

What they know about you:

Emily Breezewood: a college friend of Grant
Cochran, and a prep-school friend of Margot
Matthews, Emily is the daughter of Senator
Breezewood of Connecticut, a very powerful
senior U.S. Legislator.  Emily was married to
Matthew Allen Carter, and divorced him, in a
particularly messy case during which Mr. Carter
was represented by Gary Morant.  They are
reported to be on barely civil speaking terms
now.  Emily is living with Mike Ballistis.


PEOPLE YOU KNOW WELL:

Mike Ballistas: the person you are currently
livin with, a wealthy international consultant
with impressive offices downtown.  Ballistas has
numerous prominent government contacts, and
is generally known to be an influential
businessman.  He donated heavily to the Reagan
Campaign.

Anthony Blaine: a friend of yours from New
York,  A New York writer considered a protege
of Grant Cochran, Blaine is handled by Jonathan
Drake, the same publisher as Cochran.  It was
rumored that Blaine and Cochran had a very
serious argument while appearing together at a
promotional convention after the publication of
Sightless King.  Blaine is best known for his
Fantasy-Horror novel Wunderking, and his most
recent work The Dinner Guest.  

Avery Carson: the person you are currently
"working" for, attended George Washington
University and has many acquaintances from that
period, and immediately afterward.  Avery met
most of Grant's circle of friends in the seventies
while they were working in Washington after
graduation.  Mr. Carson occupied a position in
the staff of the late Darrington Ripley, U.S.
Ambassador to Sweden.  Currently employed by
the State Department, Avery Carson is rumored
to actually work for the Company, or No-such-
agency.

Matthew Allen Carter:  your not very beloved
ex-husband.  You genuinely cared for Matthew,
but he is a terminal psychopath.  He scares
you.  You have seen him a few times in public
since your divorce, and have spoken politely.  


A well known mystic, Carter is associated with
decadence, drugs, and bizarre mysticism.  It is
unclear where his money comes from, though he
is known to be at least moderately wealthy, and
eccentric.  

M.A Carter provides spiritual consultation to
some of Washington's most prominent social
figures.  He has appeared on several area talk
shows, notably Panorama in July 1979 where he
was involved in an altercation, and declined to
appear on Good Morning America in August of
1982 on the topic "Senators who follow the
Horoscopes."  He has assisted Federal
authorities as a consultant on "Cult Related
Cases", and appeared before a Senate
Subcommittee Special Hearing in 1983 to
discuss "Cult Phenomena and Crime."

Grant Cochran: you have not seen Grant in
years, since Margot dropped him and moved to
Sweden.  Grant Cochran is a horror writer
whose early work brought him wealth and
recognition.  His first acclaimed work was a
collection of short stories in 1977 entitled Look
Ma, No Hands!  Grant achieved a more limited
success with The Sickness in John Harrol, 1977;
The Collection, 1979; but his mainstream horror
novels  Dark Symbols,1980; and Trinity, 1982;
were extremely successful.  His Lovecraftian
fantasy-horror The Sightless King, 1984 was
universally panned.  Grant also wrote the
screenplay for the 1981 film The Blinding.
Numerous short stories including The Metallic
Taste of Blood Omni, Feb 1982.

Grant's work has tended more towards the
occult and fantasy side than Stephen King, and
his success has been less marked, but his early
novels were commercially successful.  Born
1955 to a wealthy Virginia family, Grant
graduated from George Washington University
in DC in 1975, aged twenty.  Writer and
playboy, known to have inherited some money
from parent's death in 1974. He is widely
rumored to have been hospitalized recently for
rehabilitation.

Leda Deerden: One of your closest friends in
New York, Leda has been teaching you useful
arts so that you can start a new career.  She is
a very enlightened and socially aware person.  

A New York author, or visual artist, guest of
Grant's Publisher.  Ms. Deerden is known for
her terra cotta figures, which are widely sold in
gift shops in the Village, and her work at the
42nd Street Gallery, but is a newcomer to the
writing field.  Her first project is projected to be
a collaboration with Grant Cochran.

Jonathan Drake: you met Drake in New York,
and are aware that he is important in social
circles there, but you are not terribly familiar
with him.  Publisher of Grant Cochran, Drake
is Editor of Horror at Electra publishing, a
division of Robert W. Thormond and Sons, Inc.,
one of the nations largest publishing houses. 
Despite the failure of Cochran's latest novel,
Drake is reported to be successful and on the
rise.  He handles many other writers including
Anthony Blaine, and is also in charge of titles
under the smaller, but profitable Medea
imprintaur, for occult paperbacks, which
includes the works of Jeffrey Saxon.

Linda Kane:  One of your dearest friends from
High School, you have not been as close to
Linda in recent years, but you still care for her
deeply.

Parapsychological researcher for the Institute for
Parapsychological Studies, 1567 23rd St. NW. 
Graduate of Columbia Prep, and Mary
Washington College.  M.A. Barnard.  Kane is a
literary agent for Matthew Allen Carter and is
rumored to be his lover.  

Sarah Lamont: One of your best friends in
school, Sarah went to work for Gary Morant,
as a legal secretary.  Despite that, you are still
friends with her, though you have not seen her
in some time.   

Sarah Lamont is an old Prep-school and College
friend of Margot Matthews, Linda Kane, Emily
Breezewood and others.  Sarah went to work for
Gary Morant as a paralegal, and is now his chief
secretary.  

Margot Matthews: One of your dearest friends
in prep-school, you lived with Margot when you
returned from New York after your divorce. 
You have always been close to Margot, though
you are aware that she has character flaws. 
Margot was a friend of Grant Cochran, and
several other attendees in college, but went on to
become a prominent Washington socialite who
rose out of the ranks of minor political followers
due to her connections with the late U.S.
ambassador to Sweden Mr. Darrington Ripley. 
Margot is giving this party in honor of Grant
Cochran's birthday.

Margot is currently employed by the Department
of State, where she is rumored to the mistress of
a powerful political appointee.  She was
mentioned in People magazine shortly after the
inaugural ball, and her fortunes have definitely
been on the rise with the Reagan government. 

Gary Morant:  You knew Gary distantly when
you were in college, but were never close to
him.  He masterminded Matthew's successful
attempt to screw you over when you divorced
him.  You do not think much of Gary. 
Washington Attorney.  Graduated from George
Washington University in 1974, GW Law in
1978.  Formed Morant and Steele with Harlan
Steel in 1980.  Known for handling some of the
messiest and most prominent divorce and lawsuit
cases in the Washington social spectrum. 
Morant is a rising star in the social constellation
of Washington, and is Grant Cochran's attorney,
and is currently representing him in all of his
sordid legal affairs. 

Toni Randall-Smith: When you were in prep
school, you used your father's influence to get
Toni off on a drug charge.  This will be the
first time you have seen her in years, though
you understand that she has been keeping in
touch with Margot and with Avery Carter. 
Olympic Equestrian Medalist, winning two
Silver and one Bronze medal at Los Angeles in
1984.  Native of McLean Virginia, the child of
a former ambassador to England.  Personally
acquainted with Princess Margaret, has appeared
in Sports Illustrated, and network television. 
Currently holds American and European
Championships in several categories of jumps. 
Professional status has been called into question,
but intends to compete in 1988.  

Jeffrey Saxon: A very good friend of yours
from New York, Jeffrey is the life of any party,
though he occasionally broods too much.  He
is a militant tee-totaller.  A noted
Parapsychology/Occult writer and Astrologer,
author of Health Signs, Astrology for You, and
Psychic Defense, and several other successful
books published in paperback.  Jeffrey is
rumored to be practically the only person in
New York who does not suffer from an
incapacitating drug addiction.

Karyn Seidmann: You have been good freinds
with Karyn since you met her through Matthew. 
She confided in you that she was formerly a
criminal, but is now a legitimate literary agent. 
You stayed with Karyn in New York during and
after your divorce. A New-York literary agent,
Seidmann is not well known in literary circles,
though there are some dark rumors about her
past, including a lawsuit.  Seidman handles
small time occult authors, and until recently her
biggest literary success was Jeffrey Saxon, the
popular occultist and astrologer.

Oliver Stewart: is a very close friend of Jeffrey
Saxon, and a shining light of the New York
social scene, as well as an iredeemable drug-
addict and alcoholic. 

A comic-book author and illustrator for
Universal Comics, a major competitor of Marvel
and D.C. 

Oliver is responsible for the satirical Captain
Flapjack miniseries, but is best known for his
work with Blood Hound, a revitalized 1960's
Superhero, and with Revenant, a dark-horror
miniseries.  Stewart handled a graphic-novel
adaptation of Grant Cochran's Sightless King,
which was somewhat more successful than the
actual novel.  Oliver is a New Yorker, but has
maintained a friendship with horror writer Grant
Cochran, and has come down with some of his
other New York acquaintances to make his
birthday an interesting affair.

Craig Webber: your other lover, you do not
know much about Craig, though you are very
fond of him.  

An acquaintance of Margot Matthews, Mr.
Webber is a well-to-do local business consultant,
rumored to have connections to smuggling and
the underworld.  Webber is said to be a business
partner of Avery Carson.


OTHER PEOPLE:

Roger Pierce: a Professor/practitioner of
Psychology at George Washington University. 
Young but promising, for several years his 400
level course on Personality Disorders has been
considered the "most fun" class in the entire
psych department.  Many of Dr. Pierce's
associates consider him to be "that strung out
quack", Dr. Pierce considers himself a
"perceptually enhanced alternative practitioner." 
It is obvious that Dr. Pierce either has
something on the University, or has tenure.

"Psychological disorders can be not only
instructive, but entertaining as well..."
(American Psychiatric Yearbook, 1980).  

Mort Nicholson: a well known private
detective.  Nicholson has worked for Gary
Morant, and was a research reference for the
character of Detective George Panopalous in
Grant Cochran's Trinity.
