Bobby Herrerra
==============

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Bobby Herrerra, a recent B.A. 
graduate from U of Chicago now working with a software firm down-
town. Things have been pretty good until two weeks ago, when you 
found out your girlfriend Fiona was going back to her old flame. 

	You had been going out with Fiona McAllister for about five 
months now. She's smart, glamorous, and always looking for something 
new, but she does have some expensive tastes. Still, things were 
going really well, but you got the distinct feeling that she was 
disappointed in the low-budget lifestyle. Eager to please, you tried 
for a promotion at work, putting in some extra hours. Then you found 
out that at one of your long nights at the office, she had spent 
with her ex-boyfriend, Rick Martin. 

	Since then, she has been avoiding you, and spending more and 
more time with him. Furious, you did some checking up on Rick. He's 
a PhD student in Finance. You couldn't find out much about his work; 
he's been working on something for the past two years, but you get 
the impression he's not doing well. Still, he was doing something 
right, because he has gotten some expensive gifts for your woman. 
Then you heard from a friend that the wife of Rick's professor had 
stayed at his apartment one weekend. 


		The Party
		---------

	Armed with this knowledge, tonight, you went to an office party 
at Rick's department which the two of them were going to. You were 
not sure what you were going to do, but you were determined to make 
life difficult for him. But before you had the chance, Rick got into 
trouble on his own. Some woman he knew named Pauline showed up, and 
he dragged her off to the stairwell to talk. 

	Intrigued, you slipped off to spy on them. Unfortunately, Rick's 
office mate was standing in the hall where you were headed, and you 
backed off. Stymied, you went back to the party and helped yourself 
to several beers to help you think. 

	Then you heard Rick invite people to his place, and then he left 
with Pauline. Fiona looked pretty peeved at that, and you tried to 
work your way to talk to her, but she slipped out after him. You 
lost track of her downstairs, so you ran to Rick's apartment on foot 
to catch up with her. You got to the apartment just after Rick, 
apparently, and you headed up to it, intent on a man-to-man talk 
with him. When you got there, the door was open, but somehow neither 
Rick nor Fiona were there. 


