Harold Chun
===========

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Harold Chun, a young Assistant 
Professor in the Finance Dept. of the U of Chicago Business school. 
You came here from Harvard seven years ago, with a reputation as a 
whiz kid for your work in Option Pricing. However, since then your 
research has progressed very little. Still, you like it here. Your 
teaching is fun, and you have Margaret - your wife, whom you met 
five years ago at the Art Institute, where she works. She is a 
wonderful woman, but slowly you two have been growing apart. She is 
always looking for something new, it seems, and often you have 
trouble keeping up with her. 

	Meanwhile you are continuing your experimental work in Option 
Pricing, but things are not going so well. Of course, it doesn't 
help that your graduate students, Tim Kane and Rick Martin, have 
done next to nothing. Tim is a con man who somehow talked you into 
taking him. Rick, on the other hand, had seemed a promising student 
two years ago, but after a flurry of initial work he has slowed 
himself to a crawl for some reason. 

	Now all these problems are coming to a head, since your tenure 
is up for review. You are starting to get edgy and irritable, but 
there's not alot you can do about it. About a month ago, you even 
went into Rick's office once to see if he was hiding anything from 
you, but you didn't find anything. You worried a bit that he might 
have noticed - since only he, Tim, and you have keys to the office - 
but if he did notice, he hasn't mentioned it. 


		The Party
		---------

	Tonight, you went with your wife to an office party at the 
department. You were not very much up for it, but Marge insisted 
that you ease up for a while. You went, but didn't really enjoy 
yourself. Margaret, meanwhile, talked it up with everyone for about 
an hour, until she finally noticed you. You both went out to the 
hall to talk in private. You started to mention how she was ignoring 
you, but quickly apologized as she became upset. 

	Just then, you were interrupted by Tim, who was coming out of 
the stairwell in a rush. He talked nervously for a bit, then went 
on, apparently not even realizing that you were having a fight. 
After that, Margaret went back to the party, and you went outside to 
smoke for a while. After about twenty minutes, you had calmed down 
alot. When you got back to the party, you even agreed to go with  
Margaret to Rick's to watch some movies. You left shortly there-
after, driving out to his building together. 

