Louis Cagliostro
================

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Louis Ferdinand Cagliostro, a 
second year MBA student at the University of Chicago and a cousin to 
Dom Guiseppe, the leader of the local Mafia. You showed a fair 
amount of talent at school, and the Dom was apparently grooming you 
as a manager and investment advisor whom he could trust. You did 
well as an undergrad at the U of C, and then proceeded into the 
Business school, having already taken several classes there. 

	Some people were scared away by your reputaion, but you still 
had your friends. Three years ago you sat in on a Option Pricing 
class, where you met Rick Martin and Tim Kane. They were both 
starting grad students, more practical than most of these ivory 
tower types. They helped you out on some assignments, and you helped 
them in return. 

	About a year later, Rick came to you asking if he could borrow 
some money. Well, alot, really. He said that he had acquired a 
number of gambling debts, but he felt he had a fairly solid plan to 
make it back. You gave it to him, with a firm warning that the 
consequences of not paying could be dire. Since then, he has slowly 
but agreeably paid back the debt, plus interest. 

	Unfortunately, his office-mate Tim apparently got word of the 
loan. He also came to you, asking for money. Unable to find a good 
excuse, you went ahead and loaned it too him. Unfortunately, Tim has 
been losing alot with get-rich-quick schemes, and is continually 
late on his payments. However, he keeps trying them, and keeps 
losing money. 


		The Party
		---------

	Tonight, you went to an office party at the Finance department, 
both to enjoy yourself, and to deliver a warning to Tim. At the start 
of the party, you found he was avoiding you, so you wrote a brief note 
which read: "Pay up or die!" You then slipped it to him while you both 
were getting drinks. He quickly turned pale and made himself scarce. 
Confident that the threat had had the desired effect, you began to 
enjoy yourself more. 

	Rick seemed busy alot of the time - some woman showed up looking 
for him, which didn't really suprise you. You talked some with a guy  
who apparently had lost his girlfriend to Rick. As the party started 
to die down, Rick invited you and some other friends over to his 
place to watch some videos, and you accepted. 

	You stayed at the party a little longer, enjoying the free 
drinks. After a while, though, things started to die down, so you 
drove out to Rick's apartment. You had alot of trouble parking, and 
thus arrived at the apartment late - only to find a crowd already 
there, with the exception of Rick. 

		Advice
		------

	Play up the Mafioso role as much as you want. If an excuse is 
needed to investigate the murder, play up your sense of justice, and 
your unwillingness to leave the case up to the cops. You may decide 
to get Rick's murderer for yourself, as jail is too good for that 
kind of scum. 

	The game relies upon a willingness for the characters to 
investigate the murder themselves, and Louis is intended to enforce 
that. If anyone refuses to cooperate, you may threaten them into 
compliance. Usually, a simple "Maybe you're the one who did it." 
should suffice. 

