Margaret Chun
=============

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Margaret Chun, an administrator 
at the Art Institute, and wife of Professor Harold Chun of the U of 
Chicago Business School. You met Hal, as you call him, five years 
ago at the Institute, and married him just over a year later. 

	Since then, however, he has gotten increasingly depressed over 
his work. Apparently his research has not been going well, and he is 
worrying about his tenure, which is up for review. He habitually 
complains that his grad students aren't doing enough - blaming 
everyone but himself for his problems. You have tried to get him to 
enjoy himself more, but usually that just leads to arguments. 

	You first met Rick Martin at Hal's office about eight months 
ago, where he asked you out on a date, without knowing who you were. 
You knew that he was one of Hal's grad students, but for some reason 
it didn't seem to matter at the time. Perhaps it was just a matter 
of timing, but you began to have an affair with him. Rick was the 
quiet type, as opposed to Hal's constant complaining. 

	However, about three weeks ago, Rick told you that he had to 
stop seeing you, because he was getting back together with an old 
girlfriend of his, Fiona. You were understandably rather peeved at 
this abrupt good-bye, but you couldn't think of anything to do about 
it. You just stopped talking to him, and perhaps got a little too 
sour keeping things bottled up. 


		The Party
		---------

	Tonight, there was an office party at your husband's department 
which you convinced him to go to - he would get out a little, and 
you would have a chance to talk to Rick. 

	You mingled for just a while, but before you could get to Rick, 
a strange woman showed up to talk to him. He left to talk with her 
in private for several minutes, then returned, introducing her as 
his old friend, Pauline Thompson. While he was busy, you ran into 
Hal, who dragged you out to the hall, where he started to complain 
again, at which point you just sort of exploded. After a long 
outburst of pent-up emotion, he quickly apologized, and even agreed 
to go to Rick's with you later. Just then, Tim (another of Hal's 
students) interrupted you as he came out of the stairwell. He talked 
nervously for a minute, then quickly headed back to the party. 

	After that, Hal then went outside to smoke, while you cooled 
down at the party. You talked to Rick, who invited you to a get-
together at his place later. After a spell, Hal came back much more 
calm and secure - he even agreed to go with you to Rick's. The two 
of you drove there a short time later. 


