Tim Kane
========

		Background
		----------

	You will be playing the part of Tim Kane, a PhD candidate in 
Finance at the U of Chicago. It's a fairly impressive position, but 
you are just barely scraped by in getting there and staying there. 
Your problem is that you are too impulsive. Since getting here, you 
have gotten into a variety of get-rich-quick schemes which have all 
failed to pan out, and your debts are piling up. 

	Currently you are doing your thesis in Option Pricing with Prof. 
Harold Chun. You started it just this year, going through experimen-
tal data. You share an office with Rick Martin, another of Chun's 
students. A while ago, he seemed a promising student, but he's done 
very little in the past two years, after a flurry of work early on. 

	However, despite your sharing an office and spending time 
together, you don't know a whole lot about Rick. Ever since you met 
him, he seemed very bright but equally secretive. You have several 
mutual friends, among them Louis Cagliostro. Louis is rich and well 
connected, and is rumored to be a member of the local Mafia. 

	About two years ago, you got the impression that Rick had 
borrowed alot of money from Louis, although of course he wouldn't 
talk about it. Inspired, you somehow got Louis to loan you ten 
thousand dollars for your own investment schemes. Unfortunately, 
your ideas have ended up losing you money, and by now your funds and 
your time are running out. You have less than $6,000 - and losing 
all of that may well break you. 


		The Party
		---------

	Tonight, you went to an office party at the Finance department. 
thinking it might get your mind off of your problems. Then you saw 
Louis there. You tried to subtlely avoid him, but soon he walked by 
and slipped a note to you. All it said was, "Pay up or die!" From 
then on, you stayed at the edge of the party, and tried to remain 
inconspicuous so that people wouldn't notice your rising panic. 

	Shortly, you noticed Rick and some woman slip out past you 
through the hall to the stairwell. Intrigued, you followed and stood 
by the stairwell door, listening in. You don't remember the details, 
but the gist was this: Rick had found a money machine in Option 
Pricing, and this woman was his partner - who had been using it for 
the past two years to make them a fortune. The woman, Pauline, 
wanted Rick to quit the PhD program - but Rick wanted to gain 
recognition and publish this discovery as his thesis. He gave 
Pauline his office keys and told her to get a disk from his desk 
which had all the data on his work.  

	While you were listening, you heard a sound at the end of the 
hall, and saw a guy - Bob, you recalled - entering the hall. You 
turned to face him, but he backed down for some reason and went back 
to the party before you could make an excuse. Just then you heard 
Rick and Pauline preparing to leave, so you quickly turned and 
headed for the bathroom. When they went back to the party, you spun 
around and headed up to the office. You were intent on finding that 
disk as a way to pay off your debt and thus save your skin. 

	Once there, you started to search through Rick's desk while 
making as little light and noise as possible. You remembered it was 
labelled something inconspicious, maybe "Data Disk", but you had 
trouble finding which one it was. Then you heard someone coming. 
Quickly you hid behind your desk. In came Pauline, who swiftly found 
a disk and walked out with it. 

	For a moment you were stunned, but then you grabbed a marble 
paperweight off the desk and rushed out into the hall, intending to 
knock her out and take the disk for yourself. You took the stair-
well, hoping to catch her before she got back to the party. Unfortu-
nately, on the way back you ran into Prof. Chun and his wife, who 
were talking in the hall for some reason. Quickly you hid the block 
and tried to appear normal. Nervously, you chatted with them for a 
bit, losing track of her. As you got back to the party, you ran into 
Rick, who invited you to his place for a get-together at 9:00. Still 
a little shaken up, you just watched him as he left with Pauline. 


		The Murder
		----------

	Rushing out to your car, you drove after, following them to 
Rick's apartment. There Rick got out, while Pauline drove on to look 
for a parking space. You parked illegally by the corner, and rushed 
after Rick into the apartment complex. You caught the front door 
behind him before it closed, but he was apparently in a rush, and he 
took the elevator before you could catch up. 

	After catching your breath, you took the stairs. When you got to 
his apartment, you found that he had left the door open. You took 
out the paperweight in your pocket, and went inside. You caught him 
just as he was entering the bathroom, and hit him on the back of the 
head - intending to knock him out before he realized who you were. 
He fell heavily, and crashed his head on the floor. You searched him 
and found the disk, but you also noticed that he was no longer 
breathing. You panicked, dropping the weight. Thinking quickly, you 
dropped the death-threat that you got from Louis beside the body, 
and closed the bathroom door. You then slipped out onto the fire 
escape and ran down. 

	As you reached the bottom, your thoughts had cleared a little. 
You had to act as if nothing had happened. You spent some time 
collecting your thoughts, then walked around to the front of the 
building, pressed the buzzer, and went up to join the party. 


		Advice
		------

	Obviously, you play a very important role in this game. You 
should lie so as to throw suspicion off of yourself, but you cannot 
allow yourself to be caught in lying, or the jig will be up. In 
general, don't stretch it. You will be probably be caught eventually 
in this game, and that's fine. 

	Important things to remember are: if confronted by Louis about 
the note, be sure to admit that he did write you a note like that, 
but say that you dropped it at the party - anyone could have picked 
it up. That way, the only thing the note shows is that Louis is a 
dangerous man. Otherwise, Louis will know that you are lying, and he 
will probably kill you before you make it to jail. 


